---
layout: chapter
day: 16
scenario: 7
title: The Quest for Biteroot and an Unexpected Farewell
---

Once again, the trio of Croaky's Waste Management Services faced the day without
Bamboo Bandit, who found herself unable to rise from slumber. In her absence,
the
adventurers continued their work to better Gloomhaven, focusing their efforts on
procuring lumber. While they safeguarded the lumberjacks, another band of
Vermlings
dared to disrupt their task, only to be repelled with swift and firm
retaliation.

However, larger concerns loomed over their daily toil—the elusive Jekserah
remained
at large, and only the strange enchanter Hail seemed poised to track the
mendacious
necromancer. The adventurers ventured once more to the Crooked Bone, where the
haunted ruin greeted them with its familiar, ominous silence.

The ghostly Hail demanded yet another artifact for her powerful magics—a sample
of
biteroot, a component essential to her location spell. The Vibrant Grotto,
nestled
deep in the Dagger Forest to the north, was their destination. Despite the
grotto's
denizens—bears, imps, and earth demons—the party triumphed over tooth and claw,
securing
ample amounts of the vital root.

Upon their return, Hail worked her spectral art upon the biteroot. With arcane
whispers
and gestures that seemed to draw on the energies of the world itself, she
conjured up
Jekserah's location, presenting a map marked with the necromancer's whereabouts.

It was in this moment of achievement that Violet Vajazzle, the enigmatic Orchid,
made
a revelation of her own. Her journey with the party had been more than
adventure—it was a
scholarly expedition to study the physiology of other species. She felt she had
gathered
enough insight from their endeavors, their battles and their defeats. With her
purpose
fulfilled, she announced her departure, intent on returning to her people with
newfound
knowledge.

And so, with Bamboo Bandit lost to sleep and Violet Vajazzle embarking on a new
chapter,
Croaky's Waste Management Services dwindled to just Filthy the Rat and Leaf
Cleaf. The
pair stood amidst the remnants of their group, facing an uncertain future as
they held
the map that would lead them to Jekserah.
