---
layout: chapter
day: 18
scenario: 20
treasures: 1
title: A Merchant's Fall
---

Resolve set in steel, Croaky's Waste Management Services, guided by Hail's
arcane
insights, embarked to thwart Jekserah's grim ambition once and for all. Their
path
through the Dagger Forest was interrupted by the plight of a caravan under siege
by
Vermlings. Swift to defend the innocent, the party dispatched the fiendish
attackers
with practiced ease.

Their journey continued to an ancient and concealed mausoleum, the secret
rallying
point where Jekserah had tirelessly labored to amass a new undead legion. Yet no
amount of necromancy could prepare her for the relentless force of the
adventurers
that descended upon her dark refuge.

The reanimated dead that guarded her were swiftly cut down, their second death
at the hands of the indomitable party. With her minions dispatched, Jekserah
herself
was soon cornered, her eyes blazing with the fire of desperation. But the
combined
prowess of Filfy the Rat and Bamboo Bandit, a whirlwind of steel and shadow,
left
her reeling. With the necromancer's grasping hands occupied by the deft
duelists,
Leaf Cleaf and Chef Lovebone turned their attention to the room's treasure,
greed
igniting within them.

As Jekserah's end drew near, her defiant gaze met theirs one final time. With
rasped
breaths, she spoke of a looming threat greater than her own schemes. A chill
whisper
of true evil yet to unveil itself hung in the air as her head fell, her reign of
necromancy severed.

Upon their return to the city, the guard captain's praise was effusive. The
bounty
for Jekserah's head was theirs, filled with coin and the promise of further
employment. With the necromancer vanquished, Gloomhaven's streets were a little
safer, but the whispered warning of a greater danger loomed like a storm on the
horizon.
