---
layout: chapter
day: 21
scenario: 17
treasures: 1
title: Vermling Vendetta and the Lost Island's Booty
---

The call of adventure sets Croaky's Waste Management Services upon the high seas, aboard
a vessel cutting through ocean waves in pursuit of the fabled Lost Island and its hidden
treasures. The journey is uneventful, with sea and sky stretching endless until the
promised land breaches the horizon—a sliver of green amidst the blue.

The sight of a decaying ship marooned upon the shore signals their arrival. No sooner
do their boots sink into the sandy beach than the air is filled with the whistling of
arrows, Vermlings revealing their presence. "Where there's Vermlings, there's treasure,"
the adventurers muse, as they dodge and weave through the barrage.

The roars of bears join the Vermlings' sharp welcome, but the prospect of wealth
sharpens the party's resolve. Battle-hardened and driven, they cut through their foes,
bear and Vermling alike, each felled enemy bringing them closer to their prize.

The shattered hull of the derelict ship groans beneath their weight as they forge
inward, the sparkling promise of gold and gems littering the path to the captain's cabin.
Vermlings swarm from the shadows in greater number, some seeking battle, others snatching
gold with greedy claws before scurrying away.

Yet, in this game of cunning and thievery, Filthy the Rat excels, outmaneuvering
and outlooting his own kin with unparalleled skill. Treasure by treasure, the ship
yields its hoard to him.

In the aftermath of their victory, as the quiet of the island settled around them,
Leaf Cleaf stood before his comrades with a heavy heart. His journey had been one of
vengeance, the Vermlings the architects of his childhood sorrow, having laid waste to
all he once held dear. With revenge now his and the blood of his foes soaking the island's
sands, he declared his mission complete. The mighty Cragheart announced his departure
from Croaky's Waste Management Services, leaving behind a life of combat for a path yet
untrodden.
