---
layout: chapter
day: 23
scenario: 16
treasures: 1
title: The Call from the Depths
---

Croaky's Waste Management Services has a new force among their rank: T'Ar Tantrarum,
an imposing Inox Berserker. Her words to the group are few; her intentions, for now,
remain as mysterious as her strength is apparent. Yet her timing is impeccable, as
tales of a dragon in the Coppernecks Mountains have reached the adventurers' ears.
Dragons are the stuff of legend, they know, but the reports are too intriguing to
ignore.

With T'Ar Tantrarum in their company, they set off towards the northern pass, a
stone-throated gateway to the mountain's secrets. The passage is treacherously narrow,
hemmed in by towering cliffs - and it is here they are ambushed. Inox, kin to their new
ally, rain down boulders from above before descending to engage in brutal melee.

The ambush compels the party to ascend into the caverns from whence the assault came.
As they step over the bodies of their aggressors, they delve into the mountain's veins,
a labyrinthine network of tunnels stretching into the stony heart of the Coppernecks.
Questions arise at the sight of Inox and demons fighting side by side: what alliance
could unite such disparate forces?

As they venture deeper, guided by torchlight and wary steps, a strange compulsion
takes hold. Beyond the heat of battle, past the scent of blood and stone, there
lies a calling. It resonates within the core of each adventurer, a silent siren
song that draws them further into the depths.

What awaits Croaky's Waste Management Services in the belly of the mountain, only
the shadows know. For now, they heed the call, delving into the unknown, where
legend and reality may yet collide.
