---
layout: chapter
day: 25
scenario: 30
treasures: 1
title: Scepter, Silence, and Departure
---

Determined to unravel the mystery of The Voice, Croaky's Waste Management Services seeks
the wisdom of a scholarly Quatryl within the hallowed halls of the University of Gloomhaven.
The learned Quatryl pores over ancient texts and forgotten tomes, piecing together tales
of an extraplanar prison, its construction a combined effort of Aesthers, Savvas, and
Harrowers to bind a formidable demon within the Copperneck Mountains.

The Voice, it seems, is the only breach in the formidable barrier-a mere echo reaching
beyond its confines. The Quatryl urges caution: to hear The Voice at all indicates a
waning strength in the barrier. A scepter of power, once wielded to maintain the seal,
is now the party's objective-an artifact resting within the forsaken depths of an
oceanic shrine.

Battles are no stranger to the adventurers as they navigate the shrine's submerged halls.
Filfy the Rat is a whirlwind of destruction, his blade a harbinger of death for Lurkers
and Oozes alike. The path to the scepter is slick with the remnants of their foes.

Upon claiming the scepter, The Voice pierces their minds once more, its tone laced
with menace. It warns against approaching it with the artifact, its threats only
galvanizing the party's resolve to return and reinforce the weakening barrier.

But Filfy harbors different intentions. The Lurkers, the last of his vendetta's targets,
had fallen by his hand. His time with the company has furnished him with a compendium of
monstrous extracts, ingredients for a poison unrivaled in potency. With his goal within
grasp, Filfy announces his departure, his need for Croaky's Waste Management Services
fulfilled. In his wake, he leaves a fellowship fractured, their next steps overshadowed
by his absence.
