---
layout: chapter
day: 8
scenario: 14
treasures: 0
title: Generosity's Foundation and Otherworldly Pursuits
---

The generosity of Croaky's Waste Management Services had not gone unnoticed
within the hallowed walls of Gloomhaven's sanctuary. Their many donations, an
outpouring of gold from adventures past, had sown seeds of goodwill that now
bore fruit for the entire city. The hammers rang clear and true, laying the
foundations for a new extension of the sanctuary, a testament to the party's
benevolence and the collective spirit of the townsfolk.

Yet the threat of the ominous rift weighed heavily on their minds, propelling
them to seek the wisdom of one skilled in the mystical arts. In the shadows of
an abandoned tavern, whose once-lively halls were now silent save for the
whisper of memories, they found Hail. She was an enchanter, her presence more
akin to a wraith or figment—immaterial and translucent, a spectral embodiment of
knowledge and power. Hail, with a voice that seemed to echo from other realms,
charged them with a quest to retrieve an orb from the icy clutches of the Frozen
Hollow.

The journey was fraught with peril, as a pack of wolves, their eyes gleaming
with the clarity of hunger, ambushed the party. Claws and fangs met sword and
shield in a dance as old as time. And while victory was theirs, the signs were
clear at the entrance of the Frozen Hollow—this was a land claimed by the wild.

Inside, the chill of the hollow reached into their very bones, an embrace as
unforgiving as the hounds, spirits, and frost demons that stood guard over the
frozen expanse. Each adversary was met with determined mettle and dispatched to
the silence of eternal rest. At last, they came upon the orb, a small blue
sphere that hovered with an ethereal grace above the icy floor. Its mere
presence suggested untold power, a secret locked within its crystalline depths.

With the orb secured, they returned to the decrepit tavern, to the enchanter who
was as much a mystery as the very tasks she set before them. Hail unveiled her
true intention: to harness the raw energy from another plane, to imprison it
within the orb, and in doing so, bestow incredible power to its wielder. The
price of such a feat, however, was steep—a dowry of gold to feed the hungry maw
of magic.
